
Marvel Comics' Miss Marvel by UltraRoboNinja and ZVitor
Version: 1.0 (22 Dez 2008)

=====The Story of Ms. Marvel=====

Carol Danvers was a U.S. Air Force intelligence officer and the NASA security chief in charge of investigating 
the appearance of Captain Marvel of the Kree. 
Along with Dr. Walter Lawson (secretly Mar-Vell in disguise) she found herself in any number of intergalactic exploits. 
As she fell in love with Mar-Vell, she was drummed out of NASA for failing to capture the alien hero.

Taking a job as editor of "WOMAN Magazine" (published by Spider-Man's greatest foe, J. Jonah Jameson), 
Carol found herself an observer in the heart of the country's super hero action - New York City! 
But after the effects of an encounter with a Kree Psyche-Magnatron device from her NASA days lead to the emergence
 of super-powers... Ms. Marvel was born!

Initially torn between two personalities - that of her heroic side and that of Carol Danvers - 
a second encounter with Kree technology merged the two, and Carol embraced her destiny, facing down villains like MODOK, 
A.I.M. and the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. She even joined the Avengers, during which Carol found herself under 
the control of Marcus, son of Immortus, and taken away to Limbo. 
Unaware of the mind control, the Avengers let her go. This controversial story took Carol off the radar for a time. 
When Carol regained control of her mind, she mastered Immortus' technology and returned to Earth.

Enraged that the Avengers allowed her to be kidnapped, Carol settled in San Francisco where she had a fateful battle 
with Mystique's foster daughter Rogue, which left her powerless and her memories near-shattered. 
With the help of Professor Charles Xavier, her memories were restored but the experience left her cold and detached. 
Carol stayed with the X-Men for a time, accompanying them on missions. 
It was with the X-Men that she was captured and experimented upon by The Brood - an experiment that tapped the 
full potential of her Kree powers - and Binary was born!

After a stint exploring the universe as one of Corsair's Starjammers, Carol returned to Earth to aid the Avenger 
Quasar in saving the Earth's sun. This mission left her powers depleted. As she attempted to reconcile her 
relationship with the Avengers, a confused Carol took on a new identity as Warbird and turned to alcohol as an emotional
crutch. With the help of fellow Avenger (and alcoholic) Tony Stark, she beat her addiction, starting life anew in Seattle
as a Novelist.

When an insane Scarlet Witch warped all reality, Carol Danvers experienced a world where she was Captain Marvel, 
the greatest hero of her generation. When reality was restored, Carol set out to become that hero. With the passing 
of the Superhuman Registration Act, Carol found herself in a new position of leadership, heading the Mighty Avengers, 
flagship super hero team of the Fifty State Initiative, and her own covert-ops Lightning Storm Strikeforce. 



===Powers and Abilities===
Ms Marvel's abilities include flight, enhanced strength and durability, as well as being able to absorb certain 
types of energy and the ability to fire concussive energy blasts from her hands.


===Special Attacks===

Photon Shot: D,DF,F Punch
Solar Orb: D,DB,B Punch
Shooting Star: B,F Punch 
Photon Uppercut: F,D,DF Punch 
Energy Blade: D,DB,B Kick
Fly: D,DB,B, 2 Kicks


===Hyper Attacks===

Hyper Beam: D,DF,F, 2 Punches
Prism Blast: D,DB,B 2 Punches
Binary: D,DF,F 2 Kicks
Cosmic Explosion: (while in Binary form) D,DF,F 2 kicks


===Thanks to===

ZVitor for helping me finish this character
Team Spoiler for the encouragement and helping hands
Infinity Mugen Team for inspiring me and helping me learn the ropes of MUGEN in the first place
My girlfriend Mandie for introducing me to Ms Marvel and for cheering me on the whole way
Crow for coloring the large portrait
Dshiznetz for ripping the Hyper Beam sprites
MUA for innpire some moves
ItalianStallion for Hyper portrait
Kojunho for image editor suport
Kurz for the Naked ideia
for good feedbacks:
- yosifun 
- Uche_of_IMT 
- darkmoon766 
- alex87 
- Substantial
- senorfro
- iflyte diagus
